all right check it out guys it's trevor
james we are in termilo
malaysia right on the pahang river this
is the ultimate
fish city and today we're making our way
to the east coast of malaysia in kuantan
and we're going to bring you for tons of
incredible malaysian street food
i am so pumped let's go guys and first
up
we're going for ikan patin let's go guys
this is it part two of seven of our
ultimate east coast malaysia road trip
and today we're bringing you in full on
all the way from termilo to kwan tan
taking you
for some incredibly unique food and some
beautiful locations along the way
including getting stuck on the beach
with no one around
you're gonna love this video so make
sure to watch all the way until the end
let's eat okay guys and we are just
driving through turmoil it's a beautiful
little green town
we've got a lot of destinations to visit
today we are making our way to the east
coast
of malaysia to kuantan but first up
we're going for the making
of ikan patin tempo yak famous durian
fish dish and it's gonna be a great day
guys oh and it's right here
and here we are guys check this out
we're at the
hang river wow it is so beautiful here
right on the river
and this is where the patine fish come
from on the pahang river
and it's beautiful here bright and early
we came to see the making
this is going to be good hi boss salamat
peggy
how are you wow and boss just invited us
into the kitchen
salama peggy salamata
how are you okay and here we go guys
this is the temple yak
station we just walked into the ultimate
tempo yak station and because it's a
weekend they're gonna make three giant
pots
of tempo yak here and we're gonna watch
the whole process oh
chiliappi look at this guys full of
chili
and it's red chili and chili mara
mira and this is the tempo
that's the soul of turmoil that smells
so strong
a fermented durian look at that and
there it is guys so
we've got the durian temple yuck in
there and she's loading it up
filling it with water oh a little salt
in there look at that
wow and look at all that durian on the
bottom it's not melted in yet
this is a strong dish that has an
acquired taste that you need to try
wow
oh sugar and here's the final
tempo yuck oh banyak badass
very spicy so you can see she just cuts
it open
that is a bag of durian paste
and she just throws it in oh look at
that
oh it's so thick it almost looks like
hummus
but it's durian
what a magical scene and here's the
moment we've been waiting for
the ikan patin look at this guys all the
different cuts
of that ikan patin and it's just getting
frothy with durian
your mama taught you this your mama
taught you this
so it's passed down through family so
you've got all different pieces the head
the body the tail and it's all fatty and
this is the third and final temple yuck
and this is just amazing it's like a
durian curry
it's a true durian curry look at that so
it's
down kunit
that's the vietnamese coriander and the
torch ginger
that's it right there guys that's the
torch ginger it's got this extreme
floral ginger it's like an upgraded
floral ginger
that right there is the absolute
tropical
extreme durian curry and there it is
finish and we're going to get one of
those
tiramisi oh and this is also more
tempoya
for the bakar okay and there's also a
grilled version look at this they load
up the tempo yeah
on a foil here and then they add a
patina on wow
that's gonna be strong and i've heard
this one has special ingredients not
only tempo yak but it's also got some
porsche ginger which is one of the most
famous
flower gingers in malaysia it's
incredibly floral ginger oh and this is
the
smoked smoky version wow so many types
of ikan patin
it's right on the banana leaf don
wow and here comes that ikan patin
and then the double layer that looks
special nam box it up
and then closed very nice and there's
the grilled version guys just finished
oh there it is that's the grilled
version
wow and unpacks it up that looks
absolutely beautiful
and we're gonna have to get i think one
of each and the smoked ikon
is finished oh there it is
wow smoked durian paste with ikon patine
can't wait to try that jeremy cassie
okay and here we are it's ready
okay
[Music]
wow that's the head
wow bizarre it's a big head
with lots of durian curry gravy
wow tara mccaskey
wow and here we are guys it's a busy
restaurant
and you can see it's just absolutely
beautiful here right on the water
oh tara mcassy wow
oh and there's more oh the down yeah
and the fried tilapia yeah right oh
in yapa this we call pate
oh patin pena therma cassie they just
overloaded us with fish we've got the
patin pena here which is deep fried
ikan patin the same fish and then look
at this guys we've got the
oh that's the durian barbecue grill
version you can just see it's
oozing like a gravy and then look at
this this is the smoked
version right here guys look at that
it's a smoked durian
paste and they also gave us a prawn
temple yeah then we've got a fried
tilapia with some sweet dark soy
and then we've got an herb plate this is
the ulam set i think maybe some
vietnamese coriander some there's some
cucumbers some malaysian herbs
and the real specialty here which is the
catfish
classic patine dish let's just put that
down
wow look at that right on it definitely
needs some gravy
[Laughter]
and then you need to make sure it's
covered in your rice wow
that's the joy let's go right in let's
take some
some cheek belly meat look at that
wow and then you just gotta make that
rice flooded
and go for it
mmm
wow up wow it tastes like a sweet
caramel fermented butterscotch spicy
fish curry
and then it's got the vietnamese
coriander and the turmeric leaves as
well
wow this is just so delicious next up we
gotta try the smoked version their
specialty this is smoked with natural
firewood let's just go in wow
make sure to just load it with that
smoked temple yak this is so unique
never tried this before let's try it out
guys
that is one of the most unique upgraded
flavors i think i've ever tasted
first of all it's got the temple yak and
then it's smoked
you can definitely taste they use good
quality wood there because it's
a natural smokiness and then the tempo
yak is very sweet
now i understand why there is a lineup
all the way out the door
why people lined up here since 9 30 in
the morning
to taste this and we're gonna finish
this up and keep going on our road trip
awesome thank you boss song and sit up
thank you thank you see you next time
okay welcome thank you
wow it's busy here tara makassi kaka
[Music]
see you next time thank you bye-bye
i'm so happy right now thank you see you
next time
thank you bye-bye thanks and we're going
back on the road guys
food all day let's keep going wow
wow and look how busy it is see you and
next
up before the ultimate sloppy
satisfaction
we're bringing you into the coconut
masters
the perfect cool down on a hot day
you're gonna love this and next up guys
we're just crossing the pahang river
here look how beautiful it is and
making our way for an ultimate coconut
dessert
and then we're gonna go all the way to
the east side of malaysia
kuantan and here we are guys on the way
to the east coast
and right up ahead we've got a
drive-through coconut dessert you know
north america there's drive-through fast
food but here in malaysia we got
drive-through
dessert coconut and we're gonna line up
and order this is the lineup
hi boss how are you abacaba oh
this is a coconut yeah i'll get a
coconut uh
special please oh would you like ting
i got the coconut special yeah there my
cassie boss
yeah okay thank you and that's that we
just ordered and then we're gonna drive
through and get our special and we're
gonna see the whole process and they're
taking us in
oh and here we go the coconut mountain
bagna calapa
oh and here we go guys look at this each
one is just cut
right on the spot very nice it's so full
of juice
oh so much splatter wow
tara mckessie sit up here sit up
sit up okay we're gonna try it out
locals love it and here we go guys we're
gonna watch how it's made
and this is it guys we've got the
coconut emptied out
it's going to have coconut ice cream
look at that wow
and he's loading up the jackfruit and
oh jelly and a little corn on there wow
i think these are oh yeah corn flakes
look at that that's the final touch
wow jackfruit corn flakes three scoops
coconut ice cream
oh and then peanut kachang there it is
guys jeremy cassie look at that
beautiful
dessert looks incredible and right on
the side of the street
let's go try it out and there it is guys
look at that giant oh it's huge
wow it's melting fast we got to eat this
fast it's going to be the perfect cool
down
[Music]
that is just extremely cooling you can
tell they make their own coconut ice
cream here
that is a naturally sweet with the corn
flakes and the chocolate syrup
and we're gonna hit the road again but
we need one more coconut uh tara
mccassie
okay wow song gets it up thank you thank
you
see you next time thank you boss let's
go guys let's hit the road
oh yeah and next up before making our
way to quan town and getting stuck on
the beach
we're bringing you to pecan for the
ultimate sloppy roadside
snack okay guys and we are just driving
across
and beside the pahong river it is
absolutely
beautiful here we're driving across the
rainforest
the river is gorgeous and it is one of
the main rivers on the east coast of
malaysia it's full of
fish and we are making our way to pecan
and then up to kuantan and we're going
to drive all up the east coast of
malaysia
and there is goats and buffalo crossing
the street so
you got to be careful okay guys then we
just rolled into pecan
already a beautiful city we're right on
the confluence of the pahang
river here and we're stopping in this
town for a snack before heading up to
kuantan
and it's going to be good and here we
are guys this is murtabak station let's
try a murtabak
famous malaysian pancake oh yeah here we
go
wow here we are let's check in
hi boss papa
okay guys and we just stepped into the
ultimate
roti murtabak station look at this
she's got that first layer of roti down
and oh margarine look at this
oh ajinomoto msg sugar oh sugar
oh and some spice wow rumpa look at that
guys
lots of room for spices oh and then
ketchup soy sauce
looks good oh and then blending
oh and then he's going to put down sanji
and then there's the vawang with kunyat
and then daging beef and then mixing
wow look at that guys extreme spiced
eggs
oh and that's tellur
and daging and this is the ultimate
look at this wow the ultimate sloppy
roti murtabak wow
you can smell the spice
it's so sloppy and this is beef
onion turmeric and
spice wow and that's
gonna be a delicious roti and you can
see he's just flipping it now
look at that that is gonna get crisped
up
and so nice oh double layer
look it's that look how sloppy it is
wow
wow boss looks good
look at that he's just splashing it on
like a true slop
master that's extreme
this has got to be the pecan special the
sloppy murtabak one of the ultimate
sloppiest rotis in the world look at
that and there it is you can see the
bottom
has that omelette texture that eggy
goodness and that's just the beginning
guys he's gonna take these murtabaks and
then
wrap them with roti and let's watch how
it's done and there they are look at
that that's like the fluffiest
most jiggly spiced beef omelets in the
world
okay and then next up he's gonna wrap it
this is the special that he's making
right now
there we go look at these he's going to
wrap it in a roti
and it goes right on the grill and the
special version
is going to have a triple outer layer on
as well
so let's watch how it's all made you can
see he's putting them right on this
grill
one by one oh and then here's the margin
they've loaded it with so much oh and
it's just grilled beautifully look at
that
brown golden brown and then here comes
the special let's see how he does it
i've never seen this before
oh special look at that
boss looks good sarah mcgucy
oh my and this must be the final flip
look at that there's gotta be like eight
layers of
egg and roti and chili and beef all in
there
karama cassie boss wow
that's the special going right off oh
thank you boss and here we are guys look
at this we just got the murtabak
special there's like two or three layers
of roti in there
and so many layers of that spiced
egg beef onion rumpa
spice mix omelette look at that fluffy
jiggly
and then they give you a doll curry just
plain vegetable dal nice dal chickpea
and then look at that
some pink pickled onions really nice but
first things first we gotta just
dip that in the doll oh yeah and he's
loaded it with the roomba there's so
many eggs in there
and that is actually like a biryani
slash
masala spice mix so there's gonna be a
lot of flavor in there all right try it
out
um
oh it's not as sloppy and wet as i
thought it would be
but the roompa and this spice mix
together has a classic
masala flavor maybe like a little bit of
cumin and starney
and cinnamon notes in there and then
that dal curry wow lightly spiced not
spicy
thank you vas see you next time jumpa
lagi
thank you see you next time bye bye
thank you very much song and sit up wow
see you next time and next up
we're bringing you in for some serious
beauty and
some of the best beaches in the world
before taking you
for one of the most unique stink bean
seafood
meals you need to see this awesome guys
and now we are just driving
through the beach side small roads to
quanton it's so
beautiful here there's palm trees
there's coconut trees
there's cows and there's so much
greenery here and we are making our way
to kuantan
which is right along the coast so
beautiful
and we're going for our final dinner
of the night let's go check it out guys
and this may not have been the smartest
decision
but in the name of getting a good shot
we decided to try driving on the beach
here we are guys we made it and look at
this guys we just got stuck
i guess you don't drive a two-wheel
drive car on the beach
we're trying to put like cardboard and
sticks underneath
but it's not working i feel like an
idiot i guess we are idiots
but we just called a tow truck and uh
it's a pretty nice place to get stuck to
be honest beautiful beach
beautiful water let's go for a swim and
after waiting an hour for the tow truck
we were super lucky to get out of the
sand and back on the road for more
eating
we're just driving on these small
coastal roads guys and look at the
beaches
we're on the east coast of malaysia it's
absolutely gorgeous
blue water white sand and not a single
person in sight
it's pristine and i have a feeling it's
going to be like this for the whole trip
let's go get that grilled fish and we
are finishing up the night guys we just
found on the side of the road a massive
massive grilled fish restaurant and here
we are guys
check this out this is the ultimate
seafood
station so we've got la la clams here
some razor clams flower crabs
giant prawns look at that and you just
fill up your bowl and they can cook it
in any number of ways but their
specialty is with
stink bean patai and look at these giant
sotong squid
wow look at the size of that it's huge
and i think we're gonna have to get one
of those for sure and then
the real joy is this fish station
guys look at this so we've got i think
these are barramundi
we've got some golden snapper here red
snapper here
and then we've got a saddle grunt and
then we've got some
sea bream in here and some stingray
in here and i just asked the boss which
one is the best and he said
red snapper so let's get one of those
and see how they make it
with pattay stink beans and then you
just take your fish and i think
we can also get some lala some clam la
la clam
and then they weigh it and you pay and
they just invited us in
to see how they make the econ bakar
patai
oh and this is our ikan mira that's our
fish right there guys
we just got into the kitchen and he's
just gonna
scale it oh and slice it nicely and here
we go guys look this is gonna be for the
ikan mira so he's laying down banana
leaf down pisang
iniappa and
he is gonna lay down the red snapper so
beautifully
and double layer look at this
wow num
pox it up and then here's the special
petai so you can see there's pattay
onion and some tomato and then he's just
wrapped it up boom and you can see
there's banyak ikan
looks amazing guys so we've got a full
grill here
of these banana wrapped ikan bakar
pattai
all different types of fish and i think
this is ours right here it's full of
patai and red snapper and you can see
over here there's also these
satar which is a spiced sardine fish
paste
wrap also in a banana leaf and put right
over the coals
and here they all are look at these
absolute smoky goodness
and you can get it with this ki chop
sweet sauce and also with a
assam sour tamarind sauce and she's just
making these sotong with professional
ease look at that she's put the salted
egg batter on
and then she's just covering it in some
light batter here and then it's going to
get put right in the oil here look at
this
wow beautiful
oh and here's the sotong salted egg so
tongue
nam packs it up look at that guys that
is gonna be delicious
and here's our prawns she's gonna make
salted egg
that's the kuantan special and they go
right in there
look at that salted egg crunch you just
put a little light batter on it
and then it's gonna have some salted egg
on it too oh
and there it goes in the margarine oh
and look at this these are all the
salted egg yolks
she's gonna be adding in there so we've
got salted egg we've got curry leaves
we've got salt and sugar and garlic and
onion and it's all going in
this is malaysian special wow
and here we go here comes the prawns and
these two are the ultimate tag team
one fries and one fries
beautiful wow that looks amazing
there mccassie beautiful
oh and they just go right out wow and
look at this beautiful
super busy restaurant and we got a
beautiful feast
today thank you bus this is what we came
here for and it's all about
wow so many patai and that red
chili sambal oh
it's crazy the first thing we've got to
try here is of course
the ikan bakar patan look at that so
many stink beans in there
pure patai you can just take some pure
flesh there
dig in
there it is look at that soft red
snapper flesh and we're just gonna put a
couple pattai on there
and you can see it's full of petai and
that red
sambal it's gonna be strong let's try it
out this is what we drove all the way to
kuantan for
shut up
wow actually it's less strong than i
thought it would be
it's very smooth well that sambal
actually has a light
almost tomato flavor and the petai
definitely have a stink to them
but a good strong sulfurous
odor that is addictive as soon as you
fall in love i think the best part is
definitely the combo of the patai
the sambal and the super soft red
snapper flesh
it's really nice
[Music]
and next up we gotta try one of these
satar and this is gonna be a dish that
we're hoping to find all along the drive
oh yeah there it is that's the fish
paste and you can see they just spice it
lightly with chili
oh sweet mmm with a light
mmm sardine flavor sit up
yeah let's go in for some chalupa
fried squid in that chili sauce
and i'm trying to learn bahasa malaysia
sang it bike here we go
let's try it out
[Music]
oh yes wow that batter has such an aroma
and that chili sauce it's actually sweet
it's not spicy
most of this food is more sweet than
spicy
and i'm really enjoying that
and we need to go in for some of these
salted egg prawns look at that
you can see the curry leaves on there
and look at that they just loaded it on
the outside that is gonna be the joy not
even eating the meat but just sucking
all the salted egg
curry leaves and flavor off the outside
let's take that down
oh that salted egg is one of the flavors
you need to travel
to malaysia for just purely addictive
the egg yolk is so creamy and then throw
those curry leaves in
and you can just dip that in and look at
that
there's nothing like that that is so
delicious
oh we're gonna keep eating this try and
finish luckily we have some friends
and we're on the coast this is this is
the seafood land
and bula here is just making coconut
shake look at this he's actually taking
it out one by one the olive is flash
and gonna blend it in with coconut ice
cream to make a shake
wow so he's adding in aya kalapa which
is coconut water
and coconut flesh and syrup
and then vanilla ice cream look at that
wow
and then some ice and there it is look
at that coconut shake
wow it looks good and we got one right
here and it is so
refreshing
[Music]
thank you so much see you
see you next time next time yeah okay
thank you thank you see you see you
bye-bye wow what an amazing day
and this is just the beginning of our
road trip